Clarify details around review approvals before merging (#199)
web-platform-tests/rfcs: README.md

    * Risks
 - The proposal is discussed by the community and it is assumed that the
   proposal will change in accordance with that discussion.
 - At least one review approval is required to merge a PR. For changes that
   may impact downstream WPT consumers more approvals should be sought, or at
   least a clear acknowledgement from those consumers that this change can be
   accommodated in their workflows.

>  - If reviewers or downstream consumers are not responsive after at least two

Reviewer: Does one need to wait two weeks, or is it OK to put it on the agenda for the next WPT infra meeting when the RFC is filed?

Author: No need to wait, happy to reword this to make it clearer.

Reviewer: Sounds good! Something like feel free to add it to the agenda any time you see fit, but in particular if nobody is responding to the RFC.

Author: Thanks, I reworded this section to capture your suggestion.

>    weeks, the PR should be added to the monthly [WPT infra meeting](https://github.com/web-platform-tests/wpt-notes) to ensure it gets discussed. Anyone is welcome to file issues in that repo to request the discussion of an RFC.

Author: Another option besides filing issues is tagging RFCs with an `agenda+` label, like we do in the WHATWG repos.

Reviewer: We do that in the interop team too now, so I like this option.

Author: I prefer it too, I updated the RFC accordingly.

    * Risks
 - The proposal is discussed by the community and it is assumed that the
   proposal will change in accordance with that discussion.

>  - At least one review approval is required to merge a PR. For changes that
>    may impact downstream WPT consumers more approvals should be sought, or at
>    least a clear acknowledgement from those consumers that this change can be
>    accommodated in their workflows.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - At least one review approval is required to merge a PR. For changes that
   may impact downstream WPT consumers there is an additional requirement
   of agreement from those consumers that the proposed change can be
   accommodated in their workflows.
```

 - Anyone is welcome to add the PR to the monthly
   [WPT infra meeting](https://github.com/web-platform-tests/wpt-notes) to
   have a dsicsussion about it. To add an RFC to the agenda, tag the PR with the
   `agenda+` label.
 - If reviewers or downstream consumers are not responsive after at least two
   weeks, the PR should be added to the monthly
   [WPT infra meeting](https://github.com/web-platform-tests/wpt-notes) to
   ensure it gets discussed.

>  - After review approval(s) and in the case of no substantive disagreement, the
>    RFC is considered accepted 1 week after the first approval. If any participant
>    requests it, the comment period is extended to 2 weeks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - After review approval(s) and in the case of no substantive disagreement, the
   RFC is considered accepted 1 week after the first approval. If any participant
   requests it, more time can be granted to review the proposal. This will not be
   less than one week but may be longer (e.g. until the next WPT infra meeting).
   However if no feedback is forthcoming by the agreed date, the proposal may
   be considered accepted.
```
